📝(doc) update readme.md to reflect V2 changes (#558)
suitenumerique/docs: README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/suitenumerique/docs">
    <img alt="Docs" src="/docs/assets/logo-docs.png" width="300" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
Welcome to Docs! The open source document editor where your notes can become knowledge through live collaboration
</p>

> 

Reviewer: Maybe think of adding some tags like we see on most Readme?
I found this list of awesome readmes with many tags examples: https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme?tab=readme-ov-file

Author: Yes! Let's check which badges, tags etc. are relevant for us on thursday, friday ?

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://matrix.to/#/#docs-official:matrix.org">
    Chat on Matrix
  </a> - <a href="/docs/">
    Documentation
  </a> - <a href="#getting-started">
    Getting started
  </a>
</p>

> 

Reviewer: The animated git didn't show up on the file view on my side :thinking:

Author: I had to add to a raw link with /main in the slug to make sure it's displayed when it's merged.

<img src="https://github.com/suitenumerique/docs/blob/main/docs/assets/docs_live_collaboration_light.gif?raw=true" width="600" align="center"/>

## Why use Docs ❓
Docs is a collaborative text editor designed to address common challenges in knowledge building and sharing.

### Write
*   😌 Simple collaborative editing without the formatting complexity of markdown
*   🔌 Offline? No problem, keep writing, your edits will get synced when back online

> *   💅 Clean formatting options to focus on content creation and create beautiful documents

Reviewer: and creating?

Author: How about?
* 💅 Create clean documents with limited but beautiful formatting options and focus on content

*   🧱 Built for productivity (markdown support, many block types, slash commands, markdown support, keyboard shortcuts)

> *   🤖 Save time thanks to our AI actions (generate, sum up, correct, translate)

Reviewer: Maybe use the magic stars emoji?

Author: yeah that would be more consistent with how it's represented in the interface

### Collaborate
*   🤝 Collaborate in realtime with your team mates
*   🔒 Granular access control to keep your information secure and shared with the right people
*   📑 Professional document exports in multiple formats (.odt, .doc, .pdf) with customizable templates
*   📚 Built-in wiki functionality to transform your team's collaborative work into organized knowledge `ETA 02/2025`

### Self-host

> *   🚀 Easy to install, scalable (Kube first) and secure alternative to Notion, Outline and Confluence

Reviewer: Not sure about the "kube" ref
```suggestion
*   🚀 Easy to install, scalable and secure alternative to Notion, Outline or Confluence
```

**Prerequisite**
Make sure you have a recent version of Docker and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install) installed on your laptop:

```shellscript
$ docker -v

Docker version 20.10.2, build 2291f61

$ docker compose -v

docker compose version 1.27.4, build 40524192
```

> ⚠️ You may need to run the following commands with sudo but this can be avoided by assigning your user to the `docker` group.

**Project bootstrap**
The easiest way to start working on the project is to use GNU Make:

```shellscript
$ make bootstrap FLUSH_ARGS='--no-input'
```

This command builds the `app` container, installs dependencies, performs database migrations and compile translations. It's a good idea to use this

command each time you are pulling code from the project repository to avoid dependency-releated or migration-releated issues.

Your Docker services should now be up and running 🎉

You can access to the project by going to <http://localhost:3000>.

You will be prompted to log in, the default credentials are:

```shellscript
username: impress

password: impress
```

📝 Note that if you need to run them afterwards, you can use the eponym Make rule:

```shellscript

> $ make run-with-frontend

Reviewer: all the front-end part of this was broken. I think @lunika can help making it work again with just a "make bootstrap".
A demo site for non developers would be nice?

Author: Yeah, down the road I'd like to have a dedicated demo env. 
I've checked with Arnaud, it triggered a question around the authentication. Do we want to setup a keycloak just for this ? 
Meanwhile we decided to add a link to the preprod environments and provide people with a yopmail account.

├── docker - Dockerfiles and related configuration files used to build Docker images for the project. These images can be used for development, testing, or production environments.
├── docs - documentation for the project, including user guides, API documentation, and other helpful resources.
├── env.d/development - environment-specific configuration files for the development environment. These files might include environment variables, configuration settings, or other setup files needed for development.
├── gitlint - configuration files for `gitlint`, a tool that enforces commit message guidelines to ensure consistency and quality in commit messages.
├── playground - experimental or temporary code, where developers can test new features or ideas without affecting the main codebase.
└── src - main source code directory, containing the core application code, libraries, and modules of the project.
```

## Credits ❤️
### Stack
Impress is built on top of [Django Rest Framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [MinIO](https://min.io/) and [BlocNote.js](https://www.blocknotejs.org/)

### States ❤️ open source

> Docs is the result of a joint effort lead by the French 🇫🇷🥖 ([DINUM](https://www.numerique.gouv.fr/dinum/)) and German 🇩🇪🥨 government ([ZenDiS](https://zendis.de/)). We are always looking for new public partners feel free please reach out if you are interested in using or contributing to docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs is the result of a joint effort lead by the French 🇫🇷🥖 ([DINUM](https://www.numerique.gouv.fr/dinum/)) and German 🇩🇪🥨 government ([ZenDiS](https://zendis.de/)). We are always looking for new public partners feel free to reach out if you are interested in using or contributing to docs.
```
